feat: add org compliance packs to aws-config (#1006)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-components: modules/aws-config/modules/org-conformance-pack/README.md

# AWS Config Conformance Pack

This module deploys a
[Conformance Pack](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/conformance-packs.html). A conformance pack
is a collection of AWS Config rules and remediation actions that can be easily deployed as a single entity in an account
and a Region or across an organization in AWS Organizations. Conformance packs are created by authoring a YAML template
that contains the list of AWS Config managed or custom rules and remediation actions.

The Conformance Pack cannot be deployed until AWS Config is deployed, which can be deployed using the
[root module](../../) of this repository.

## Usage

First, make sure your root `account` allows the service access principal `config-multiaccountsetup.amazonaws.com` to
update child organizations. You can see the docs on the account module here:
[aws_service_Access_principals](https://docs.cloudposse.com/components/library/aws/account/#input_aws_service_access_principals)

Then set the `scope` of the parent `aws-config` to be `organization`.

> After that, any conformance packs you define in the `conformance_packs` variable will be deployed to all child accounts
> of the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, any conformance packs you define in the `conformance_packs` variable will be deployed to all child accounts of the organization.
```

Author: refactor has removed this statement entirely

# AWS Config Conformance Pack

This module deploys a

> [Conformance Pack](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/conformance-packs.html). A conformance pack

Reviewer 2: Awkward line breaks

Author: this isn't a very actionable comment. Would you like everything to be on an extra long line? Or would you rather the link be separated from the text?

Author: @osterman let me know if there's some hard and fast rule to handling this. To be clear, it doesn't seem to affect the [rendered result](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/blob/b5092ac4851a582f3c56232073370526e18bb476/modules/aws-config/modules/org-conformance-pack/README.md)

Reviewer 2: Fair point, I don't have a rule or a way to codify it. 

For example, this would also render the same way:

```
is a collection 
of AWS Config rules and remediation 
actions 
that can be easily deployed as 
a single entity in an account
and a Region or across an organization in AWS Organizations. 
Conformance packs are created by authoring a YAML template
that contains 
the list of AWS 
Config managed or custom 
rules and remediation actions.
```

But that would be a bit awkward, IMO.

My point is, if you were not width constrained, it's probably not where the line break would naturally be placed. Use natural line breaks, not 80-characters or other arbitrary constraints. You're absolutely right, it's a minor point.

Author: So, I tried reflowing this and prettier snapped it back to this version. For now, I think I'll just leave it, and instead we'll need to look at the prettier config. maybe @milldr knows why this is happening?

is a collection of AWS Config rules and remediation actions that can be easily deployed as a single entity in an account
and a Region or across an organization in AWS Organizations. Conformance packs are created by authoring a YAML template
that contains the list of AWS Config managed or custom rules and remediation actions.

The Conformance Pack cannot be deployed until AWS Config is deployed, which can be deployed using the

> [root module](../../) of this repository.

Reviewer 2: of this repository? The `../../` makes it more clear, but seems we should call it the `aws-confg` component.

## Usage

First, make sure your root `account` allows the service access principal `config-multiaccountsetup.amazonaws.com` to
update child organizations. You can see the docs on the account module here:

> [aws_service_Access_principals](https://docs.cloudposse.com/components/library/aws/account/#input_aws_service_access_principals)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[aws_service_access_principals](https://docs.cloudposse.com/components/library/aws/account/#input_aws_service_access_principals)
```

Then you have two options:

> - set the `default_scope` of the parent `aws-config` component to be `organization` (can be overridden by the `scope` of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the `default_scope` of the parent `aws-config` component to be `organization` (can be overridden by the `scope` of
```

  each `conformance_packs` item)
- set the `scope` of the `conformance_packs` item to be `organization`

> An example yaml stack config for atmos is as follows (both options are shown for demonstration purposes. In practice you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example YAML stack config for Atmos follows. Note, that both options are shown for demonstration purposes. In practice you
```

> should only have one `aws-config` per account):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should only have one `aws-config` per account:
```

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    account:
      vars:
        aws_service_access_principals:
          - config-multiaccountsetup.amazonaws.com

>     aws-config/example/1:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    aws-config/cis:
```

      vars:
        conformance_packs:
          - name: Operational-Best-Practices-for-CIS-AWS-v1.4-Level1
            conformance_pack: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awslabs/aws-config-rules/master/aws-config-conformance-packs/Operational-Best-Practices-for-CIS-AWS-v1.4-Level1.yaml
            scope: organization

>     aws-config/example/2:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    aws-config/cis/level-2:
```
